let's start with the oil and take
our chile
then it came from the ingredients
sleepy animals as if they are
I bring a dream but I said good
today I'm going to make chick
crumbled with tomato and chili onion
it's a little
we're
dying
thus thundering what will the
vegetable
but how are you going to do that
but logic that will be those of horitas
delicious let's remove the comal to
when the package is ready
same time ready I have ready the
beans today I'm not going to
make mashed will do the
interviews and here we still have the
chicken water in case suddenly
We expose a teaspoon of caldito
juices
and consumers I do not know maybe some
drams of your son / a body that already
is ready what would be in the chilito the
onion like stay ok is nothing more
one chile and half onion and two tomatoes
where he did not seem off camera
if the fish
because students about the little bit is
nothing more so that the tomato in bulk
to request this
I'm going to cover it
and that is that I walk block
30 where else to stir little
again
once I'm going to put the tortillas to
heat this this is very fast
ok and what I'm going to do is add the
folio
when crumbling the chicken to stir a
little machine I'm going to put everything
little pepper pepper to taste
when this one can already be said so
that since nothing more is resolved with
that they cover it with that they have as
I say a little bit, leaving nothing else
that would be like a teaspoon is all
what the machine and what they will return to
cover for less than a minute
and good that we are going to turn the
tortillas
It is the fastest place
I already turned it off they saw louis say in two
portals the same time already going to
heat alcalá sorkin
and for 40 days
I will show the links
ah
if they saw these the benches more
fast I made this soup
very simple that they do not want to confuse
we 're all going to win with a teaspoon
deeper and you can put the
juicy
we will accompany
the tortilla
the tortillas and good
ay ay ay
because this one quoted us friends
Y
one
in chick tomato chili or chick
crumble Mexican side let's say
so no name but I put it is
another way to do when
feel like cooking a lot and well
We'll see you in the next one I do not like
I like that they stay a little bit more
crown like almost toast
there are already others in the strong table here
I have you
because they would be going to trap me
teach that on camera but if I'm going to
teach a custom I do not know where the
I grabbed I like to put a little older
towards the tortilla is a mass of account
on one side or if you want to put them all
They put everyone else, either
that he does in the taquito nothing else I saw
in the double bend it and that gives a
taste to the food but anger
and he explained still
i
I recommend them is not good for
diet but in flavors